# C-Labs Delivers Fourth Generation IoT Technology

### Software boosts customer application performance up to 10X, adds support for Azure IoT Hub


BELLEVUE, Wash. and HANNOVER, Germany - (April 25, 2017) - C-Labs Corporation, an award-winning provider of software for the industrial Internet of Things (IoT), today announced the availability of the fourth generation of its highly-acclaimed C-DEngine core software. The patent-pending software provides embedded IoT capabilities for machine makers such as TRUMPF, machine connectivity for application providers such as AXOOM, and industrial IoT cloud connectivity for Microsoft Azure IoT Hub and other cloud services. C‑DEngine is also the core technology in C-Labs’ own Factory-Relay and Machine Monitor products for manufacturers.

According to a PwC survey, 65% of US manufacturers are not yet collecting or using IoT data to enhance their operations, despite availability of the technology. In C-Labs’ experience, this is also true among equipment makers and business application providers who need to securely collect and use data from locations where industrial equipment is installed and used on a daily basis. Concerns about cybersecurity and a lack of IT familiarity with industrial IoT requirements are the top challenges to the success of industrial IoT deployments. C-Labs software products provide live access to industrial equipment and IoT data without compromising or side-stepping enterprise IT security, providing complementary benefits to machine makers, machine owners, and service providers.

“Manufacturers, machine OEMs, and application vendors have all told us how critical it is to secure the flow of data from isolated industrial environments to the outside world,” said Chris Muench, CEO of C-Labs. “We are delighted to build on the success of our previous products by now providing our customers with faster performance, greater scalability, improved network route optimization, and support for specific IoT cloud services, all while preserving backwards compatibility with the previous version.” C-Labs software is already in use at customer locations in the US, Canada, Germany, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.

According to a recent paper published by ARC Advisory Group, solution providers such as C-Labs and its software products “represent a key and vital connection and security technology that will help enable the digital enterprise and the factory of the future.”

C-Labs is demonstrating its next generation software at the Hannover Messe trade show in Hannover, Germany on April 24-28, 2017 in two locations. See C-Labs at the OPC Foundation booth, Hall 9, Stand A11 and at the AXOOM booth, Hall 8, Stand F14.
